# lpl
Logical Programming Language is an implementation of the calculus of natural deduction as a programming language. It is in alpha stage. Right now it only supports junctor logic. It may support Predicates an Quantors in the future.
Take a look at https://github.com/Markus-Zacharuk/lpl/blob/main/Axioms.lpl to see example code. It contains some axioms to form the basis of the system of deduction. (Yes, you can create your presonal system of axioms) Then it adds rules, which are proven, in the { body } withing the curly braces. If you already know this version of the calculus of natural deduction, which uses vertical bars (I think Kleene introduced this method), you likely understand most of the syntax from the get go.
I have not yet added Quantors, because I haven't found a satisfyingly elegant method to do so. Having a quantified Expression being dependent on name conversions and check just isn't elegant in my opinion. The vertical bar method for Junktors completely elimitate the need to have a complicated list of expressions upon which an expression is dependent, as it is neede in Gentzen's method. Those dependecies are in my view the equivalent of gotos in such a calculus, and having spaghetti code elimianted from junctor-calculus is meaningless, if the same thing is added with quantors. This is my reasoning, why I only included junctor-calculus so far.
Nevertheless, I think that this syntax and semantic, that I created for this language is somewhat simple, and may be useful for anyone interested into this fundamental part of maths and logic. The situation for learners is not ideal, and hopefuly I may have added value to someone, who wants to learn this interesting concept of logic.
Regarding the alpha status I have to warn, that anythin in this programm migth not work. I have tested wrong proofs, which were not accepted as proofs by the programm. But wrong proofs might still be accepted as right, and vice versa.
